
[Design is the](1/1/3/3/1/1/3/.Design) [conscious and purposeful](2/2/3/2/3/2/.Cause%20and%20Purpose) [application of creativity](2/3/3/_Creativity-Innovation) to create visual, textual, or interactive [artifacts with a](3/1/3/3/3/3/2/2/.Artifacts) [specific function or](1/2/1/3/2/_Function-Inversion) purpose. It implies [a process through](3/1/1/2/2/2/1/1/1/2/2/1/.Process) [a sequence of](1/1/3/2/1/3/1/.Sequence) stages, starting from [the idea or](2/3/1/1/1/1/.Idea) [concept and the](2/1/3/2/2/2/2/.Concept) [formulation of the](1/1/3/2/3/3/1/3/3/1/3/.Integral%20Formulation) requirements, to development, visualization, prototyping, and finally, realization and [production of the](3/1/1/2/2/2/2/3/3/.Production) finished artifact. Design, in its essence, [is the synthesis](1/3/1/2/3/2/1/1/2/2/1/.Synthesis) [of form and](2/2/2/_Function-Form) function. The purpose [or functionality of](3/1/1/2/2/2/1/1/.Operation%20System) [a design (its](1/1/3/3/1/1/3/.Design) utility, ergonomics, efficiency) [conbases its form](1/1/3/2/3/3/1/3/1/3/3/.Change%20of%20Base) (its appearance, style, aesthetics). A well-designed object or system, [whether it be](1/1/3/1/1/1/3/1/.Undivided) a physical product, a visual image, or a piece of software, reflects a clear understanding and application of these dual aspects of design, achieving a balanced integration of form and function. a visual image, or a piece of software, reflects a clear understanding and application of these dual aspects of design, achieving a balanced integration of form and function. a visual image, [or a piece](1/1/3/1/2/2/_Whole-Parts) of software, reflects [a clear understanding](2/2/3/2/2/2/.Understanding%20and%20Explanation) [and application of](3/2/1/1/3/.Implementation) [these dual aspects](1/1/_Intrinsic-Extrinsic) of design, achieving [a balanced integration](1/1/3/2/2/3/2/1/.Integration) [of form and](2/2/2/_Function-Form) function. a visual image, or a piece of software, [reflects a clear](2/1/1/3/3/2/3/.Reflecting) [understanding and application](2/2/3/2/2/2/.Understanding%20and%20Explanation) [of these dual](3/1/1/1/1/1/2/1/1/2/.Dual%20Wheel) aspects of design, [achieving a balanced](2/2/2/1/3/3/1/2/.Aesthetics%20of%20Balance) [integration of form](1/1/3/1/1/3/2/3/1/2/.Differential%20Forms) and function.

