
[Aesthetics is an](3/3/2/1/3/3/.Product%20Aesthetics) [exploration of beauty](2/2/2/2/1/.Beauty) and taste, whether [it lies in](1/2/1/2/1/1/.Filled%20Space) [the simplicity of](1/1/3/1/1/3/_Simplicity-Complexity) form, or the [intricacies of complexity](1/2/2/2/2/1/1/3/.Complexity) entwined with functionality. [An aesthetic experience](2/2/2/2/.Aesthetics) is predominantly sensory, [but is also](3/3/3/3/2/2/1/2/.Inferior%20Conjunction) [intimately connected with](1/1/3/1/2/3/3/.Interconnectedness) emotion and thought, [evoking responses ranging](3/1/1/3/3/2/1/1/.Sensory%20Feedback%20Loops) [from pleasure and](2/1/3/3/1/1/2/.Pleasure) [admiration to revulsion](2/2/2/2/_Fear-Desire) and disgust. It [is through aesthetics](3/3/2/1/3/3/.Product%20Aesthetics) [that we appreciate](2/1/1/3/3/1/.Respect) [the harmony in](2/1/3/1/2/3/.Harmony) design and color, [the pleasing rhythm](2/1/3/1/2/2/.Rhythm) of alternating patterns, [the evocativeness of](3/3/2/_Expression-Observation) certain forms, and [the resonance or](1/3/1/2/2/2/1/3/.Resonance) [dissonance they create](2/1/2/3/_Positive-Negative) within us. The [sense of aesthetic](2/2/2/2/.Aesthetics) [pleasure can often](2/1/3/3/1/1/2/.Pleasure) be deeply personal, influenced by cultural, social, historical and individual factors, making it an element where fear and desire often intermesh, driving design choices within the human-made world. social, historical and individual factors, making it an element where fear and desire often intermesh, driving design choices within the human-made world. social, historical and individual factors, making it an element where fear and desire often intermesh, driving design choices within the human-made world. social, historical and individual factors, making it an element where fear and desire often intermesh, driving design choices within the human-made world. social, historical and individual factors, making [it an element](3/2/2/1/1/1/.Elements) [where fear and](2/1/3/3/1/2/2/.Fear) desire often intermesh, [driving design choices](3/3/2/1/2/2/3/.High%20Tech%20Design) [within the human-made](3/1/1/1/1/2/2/_Man-made-Natural%20Based) world. social, historical and individual factors, [making it an](3/3/1/2/3/.Animism) [element where fear](2/1/3/3/1/2/2/.Fear) [and desire often](2/2/2/2/3/2/3/.Desire) intermesh, driving design [choices within the](1/1/3/3/2/1/1/.Choice) human-made world. social, [historical and individual](2/3/2/3/3/1/.History) factors, making it [an element where](1/1/3/2/2/3/2/3/.Neutral%20element%20e) [fear and desire](2/2/2/2/3/_Fear-Desire) often intermesh, driving [design choices within](3/3/2/1/2/.Architectural%20Design) the human-made world. social, historical and individual factors, making [it an element](3/2/2/1/1/1/.Elements) [where fear and](2/1/3/3/1/2/2/.Fear) desire often intermesh, [driving design choices](3/3/2/1/2/2/3/.High%20Tech%20Design) [within the human-made](3/1/1/1/1/2/2/_Man-made-Natural%20Based) world.

